Genre: "Speculative Fiction / Mystery Thriller",
Place: "Neo-Kyoto, 2077. The city's landscape is sharply divided. The *Corporate Heights* are pristine, vertically stacked arcologies owned by megacorporations like 'Kaiba Corp' and 'Arasaka Drones', accessible only by authorized personnel. Below, the *Concrete Jungles* are sprawling, densely populated lower districts with acid rain, malfunctioning drones, and black market memory dens. The *Digital Red Light District*, known as 'Akira Alley', is a hub for illegal memory trade and illicit neuro-modifications. The *Kyoto Gardens*, a carefully preserved historical district, serves as a stark contrast and a reminder of the past, now mostly a tourist trap.",
Time: "2077. 50 years after the Third World War, which caused major political and social shifts. The war resulted in new technologies, including memory manipulation, and gave rise to powerful megacorporations that now control most aspects of life.",
Theme: [ "Memory as a commodity and weapon.", "Corporate and government control through technology.", "The blurring lines between reality and fabricated memory.", "Individual struggle against systemic corruption.", "The psychological impact of memory manipulation." ],
Tone: "Gritty, atmospheric, cynical with moments of vulnerability. Like *Blade Runner* meets *Minority Report*, but with a focus on the psychological toll rather than action spectacle.",
Point of View: "Primarily Third-Person Limited, focusing on Mara Voss's perspective. Occasional shifts to key secondary characters for brief interludes (e.g., the antagonist, a conflicted ally) to build suspense and reveal information Mara doesn't have.",
Characters: {
Premise: [ "Councilor Sato hires Mara to retrieve a specific memory fragment – a recording of a secret meeting discussing the suppression of evidence related to a bio-engineered virus outbreak in the Concrete Jungles – stolen from his mind. He claims it was a personal matter, but Mara quickly realizes it implicates him in a conspiracy involving the MIB and Kaiba Corp.", "Mara dives into Sato's mind using a 'Neuro-Link' interface, navigating layers of constructed memories and security protocols, including 'Memory Sentinels' – AI programs designed to protect sensitive information. She recovers the fragment, but it's incomplete and corrupted, hinting at a larger cover-up involving the MIB's plans to weaponize the virus.", "Mara is immediately targeted by Agent Kaito and the MIB, who attempt to erase her memories using a 'Memory Wipe Drone.' She barely escapes with Kenji's help, who provides her with a 'Neuro-Shield' – a device that scrambles her brainwaves to prevent memory manipulation.", "Mara seeks out Dr. Ishikawa, hoping to understand the extent of the memory manipulation and how to protect herself. Ishikawa reveals that the MIB is developing 'Project Chimera' – a technology to rewrite memories on a mass scale through neural implants embedded in citizens' brains, effectively controlling the population.",